hello it's Ruby and welcome to a weekend
in my life video my lectures have now
finished with the week hand I have my
last seminar of the week on Fridays 8:30
to 10:30 which means I have the whole
rest of Friday Oh setting us up from now
first thing I actually did not process
the time when they wake up this morning
so I said Nalanda six and I have
actually been sleeping really badly I
have really awful on insomnia and I
don't know why I don't usually wake up
in the night and I started waking up in
the night as well as finding it takes
hours and hours to get to sleep I've
been waking up so exhausted so I was
even until 7:00 this morning I
registered the 7 o'clock but I didn't
register that I needed to be left like
leaving the house by 8 o'clock so I
looked at the time and it was 750 and I
was still in bad so I had to get ready
very quickly this morning and I didn't
have a proper breakfast I only had a
banana and usually I have you know
porridge to keep me going so I'm quite
hungry it's only 11 but I'm gonna eat
lunch now so the first thing we're gonna
do is a little cook with me I'm not sure
exactly what I'll have I kind of want to
make some creamed corn and this stuff is
honestly one of my new favorite foods I
never really got usually go for a canned
or attitude
but there's co-op ratatouille is amazing
it's if you have the whole Karen it's
ten of your five a day that I mean the
count on foods they seem expenses are
like eighty five pence each but it
covers most of your vegetables and I've
been having half account onto a whole
Karen in each of my Buddha bowls when I
have a bit of all because I've been
really into having salad bowls and just
adding loads of stuff to it I just
popped in to cope and got two of these
so the first thing I was doing here was
just editing a thumbnail and then
posting the video
[Music]
and then they started setting up a new
printer which I just ordered so this is
the HP one the one that's always
advertised to students
it was so affordable I got it on sale
for 20 pounds and the reason I got this
is the cares since I'm off campus this
year the library and the printer are a
really long way away and it made sense
for me to get one for my room this year
[Music]
so just to give you a quick tour of what
I've got on my plate
I just blitzed up a whole can of corn
and then I added a teaspoon of vegan
butter when I cooked it to give it a
kind of creamy texture and then I got my
can ratatouille
I've got some crispy onions and tahini
some seeds and a piece of rye toast with
some pastor day this looks absolutely
delicious
and it's so so easy to make so then I
just made my way to my absolutely
delicious lunch
and at the same time you might be able
to spy that I'm watching a pickup loans
video Nadia from pickup loans is one of
my favorite youtubers so then I was just
writing this master to-do list of all
the things I wanted to get done over the
weekend I write a master to-do list
every single weekend and it's just a
really great way to keep track all of my
tasks and then I moved on to doing some
work I went and put up some rubbish and
then I did the walk to waterstones
[Music]
I'm just walking toward stands now I
also need to go to WH Smiths to get some
printing paper for my new printer I
wouldn't had a quick browse
[Music]
so I went up to the cafe I love working
more since cafe it's such a lovely
environment I love the atmosphere and I
always get a tea my favorite is the
copay one today I think I got the Rosen
hibiscus and I was just writing out a
plan for a beginnings assessment which I
had coming up
I'm not from water stains and it was
really nice outside I've got a food
order coming in the next hour at some
point so I need to I'm gonna stay unless
I came back I am going to do some work
now I'm gonna get started with the
reading for next week because I want to
get it done soon of this this week I
want to get it done over the weekend
here's the head in then I've got some
falafel one and a half avocado a burger
radish Horace and potato wedges this
like I've decided to finish off the
night by watching the first episode of
unbelievable and I'm really enjoying it
so far I really love the actress in this
and she was actually when increases down
strong which was on my favorite movies
when I was younger really would
recommend it it's quite graphic thing
but it's really well made and really
well acted
so here we are Saturday I actually met
up with some friends from English we
decided to go to extra Museum which I'd
never actually been to before I don't
know how I've learned a whole year
without visiting once because I really
love museums so we spent a good two
hours in the museum looking at
everything playing this xylophone
instrument for kids we are very cool and
then we went to sacred grounds which is
a really cool vegan cafe in Exeter we
got these incredible incredible vegan
waffles honestly they were insane I'm
back now it's maybe five no six o'clock
and I got back just maybe ten minutes
ago so then I did some work in the
evening
[Music]
and after doing some academic work I
decided to edit a new video
[Music]
even though I did have dinner I'm
actually syllabic Turkish gonna Saturday
I kind of want to have one of these
these are actually vegan which is
amazing there by Iona organic if try one
of these lost right because I got these
yesterday and I thought I could use them
as we countries I'm going to have one of
these as I'm editing oh my goodness they
are so incredible
[Music]
I think I'm going to watch another
episode of unbelievable because I really
really enjoyed last night's and I'm also
going to want to you Bennett's new video
but other than that I probably won't do
very much other than reading as well
um so I am going to sign off for today
and I'll see you tomorrow morning
so here we go Sunday morning I made
myself some porridge for breakfast with
this amazing amazing pith and nuts
pumpkin spice almond butter it's amazing
I feel like it's the dream peanut butter
it's bringing together pumpkin and
peanut butter what could be better so I
was doing some more of my beginnings
assessment this morning so I wrote up a
complete really in-depth plan for my
assessment and also here you can see
that I'm updating my Goodreads with a
few reviews I write down absolutely
everything I read on Goodreads so if
you're looking for some book
recommendations and you can follow me on
there as you can see I was just using
this template which I've made which took
into account with all of the learning
objectives which we have been given so I
might actually do the same thing
here I was doing a reading and then here
I was getting started on that genesis
forum which we told you about so I did
the exact same thing as I did for their
wolf but this time I just did it with
Genesis I've just turned both essays now
which is amazing it's 12:40 you say that
did take we had to write an essay for
one of our English modules and we got it
back and I decided to just make some
edits to my original essay
[Music]
I will say when tomato hunt at all but I
didn't show me doing this but this is my
delicious lentil dal okay I made a
lentil dal and I made enough to have yet
tomorrow as well and I've just habit
it's a rocket tahini and piece of pita
bread which I'm going to have with some
bamas so then in the evening from 3 to 6
I have trampolining so I just went to a
meeting here's me doing some
trampolining I'm not very good but I
really enjoy it and it's great exercise
this is the first time I've been to
trampolining in a long long time and
it's so much fun I don't know why I've
left it so long I'm wearing double study
super much today because I'm wearing
Holi is now on a tea with my gymnastics
leotard from years and years and years
ago like I got this when I was 13 on the
way back I was listening to this audio
book I always listen to audiobooks when
I walk around campus around Exeter
because there's so much walking at the
moment I'm listening to a history of
Western philosophy
[Music]
trampolining is really fun it's now six
o'clock so I've been out for three hours
and basically just gonna go back and get
started with once an all of the my clean
washing is in this laundry bag and this
is very old I brought this from home so
when I got back and as you can see as I
said I just put away the washing that
I'd done earlier that day
[Music]
and I also decided to Hoover I like to
hear them once or twice a week just so
my carpet doesn't get all disgusting and
then in the evening I did some readings
for criticisms these were the sat
readings for Tuesday and I hadn't got
around to doing them yet that weekend
which was not very good so I did them on
Sunday evening and that's the last thing
that I filmed today so thank you so much
for watching this weekend vlog I hope
that you enjoyed it and I hope that you
have a productive week
[Music]